feat(docs): add visuals and explanations for ENS name healing process (#2270)
namehash/ensnode: docs/ensnode.io/src/content/docs/docs/integrate/ens-subgraph/key-limitations.mdx

The Subgraph (and any data-level-compatible indexer) contains a large volume of unhealed names — names whose labels are only known as labelhashes (e.g. `[abcd…].eth`). These complicate both the developer experience and the UX of every app built on top, which must decide how to display and handle them.
:::

**What the heck is a `[428…b0b]`?** These are encoded labelhashes used to represent an unknown label in an ENS name. Without name healing, millions of names in the ENS manager app (and other ENS apps) don't appear properly. See the problem for yourself: [Example 1](https://app.ens.domains/0xfFD1Ac3e8818AdCbe5C597ea076E8D3210B45df5) and [Example 2](<https://app.ens.domains/%5B4283f2583432677d3dac6d2c021cdd7ef6855349ea584813ad5811c0e497eb0b%5D.makoto.eth>).

![An ENS profile listing names where an unknown label is shown as an encoded labelhash instead of a readable name](@assets/ens-profile-unhealed.svg)

:::tip[~94% healed, and climbing]

> The [Omnigraph API](/docs/integrate/omnigraph) already heals **~94%** of these labels with [ENSRainbow](/docs/services/ensrainbow), compared to roughly **~11%** with the label set bundled in the traditional ENS Subgraph. ENSRainbow has healed **259,053,605** unknown labels so far (as reported on [ensrainbow.io](https://ensrainbow.io)), and coverage is climbing toward a **99%** target.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ENSNode already heals **~94%** of these labels with [ENSRainbow](/docs/services/ensrainbow), compared to **~11%** with the label set bundled into the traditional ENS Subgraph. [ENSRainbow](ensrainbow.io) has data for healing **259,053,605** unknown labels as of May 2026, and coverage is climbing toward a **99%** target.
```
